NOTICE: The VIDEO is CUT from 4 minutes of gameplay, you can watch the BOSS at the end 😉 Hello World! I've tried so many agentic/harness apps in the last few months, and FINALLY I found out that UNSLOTH DESKTOP feels good, and I'm saying this because I'm not a programmer and I don't understand code, yet... I just grabbed it, installed it, also downloaded Unsloth Qwen 3.8 27B Q5_K_M from unsloth desktop of course it was easy as 1, 2, 3... I created a Project, selected an empty folder for it, and dropped in the markdown (MD) file with a mini-game prompt as my very first test with BOTH: the model and the app! 🤞 And... everything was pretty AMAZING! Honestly, I'm still amazed that Qwen 3.8 27B delivered this result in about 9 MINUTES on my RTX 5090 32GB VRAM with ZERO BUGS. It just cooked for a while, and I could never manage to do something even close to this in ONE SHOT . OF COURSE the whole bad level design and lack of sounds, music, etc... is on me because I created a simple prompt I wanted a simplistic BOSS , (as seen in the video) for example... and considering that was a ONE-SHOT prompt, 100% locally, I must say I'm impressed. --- 🙏🙏🙏 THE ONLY THING in UNSLOTH DESKTOP that was missing for me: And I know it's not very popular and most of you guys don't care, but I decided to share this because it can make my experience 100% more natural while using it. I used the prompt in Hebrew, which means RTL, and as with other cases, some apps can handle it and some can't... I totally get it, it's such a low priority for the AWESOME unsloth team, but if they could add both RTL / LTR modes, it would be so amazing. A good example of how it works well with both chat in Hebrew (in my case) as RTL and English as LTR is Gemini , and even Zoo-Code within VS Code (after tweaking some code, so it's not official, sadly). But... I REALLY want to stick with UNSLOTH DESKTOP, and if RTL is supported natively, it will feel completely finished! The real struggle is reading in LTR when using two languages where the main one is RTL, as it displays in the wrong order and is very hard to read in general. --- Hopefully someone from the Unsloth Desktop dev team will read this and consider adding it to their priorities, because VIBE CODING and planning in RTL languages is not foreign to many people around the globe, and it would be really nice to have in a future version. Thanks for all the amazing releases, from every MODEL to Unsloth Desktop! Much love to you guys and please keep up the good work! ❤️ submitted by /u/VirtualWishX to r/unsloth [link] [comments]