Hey everyone, As always, English is not my native language. Happy to hear your thoughts, suggestions and corrections! How we got here While I really liked how Voyage v3 turned out, Gemma 4's template ended up being changed which caused issues for Gemma 4 12B and Gemma 4 26B-A4B. Gemma 4 E2B / E4B weren't as affected as their reasoning style is different and Gemma 4 31B is smart enough on it's own. Needless to say, my preset broke. Since suddenly Gemma 4 became so picky and nothing seemed to work, I rethought my approach: Why not write a huge preset with many individual toggable rules, so I can quickly see what works and what doesn't? The final result is what you see; far too large as I was trying out many new rules. It's nearly 10k tokens and a total of 66 rules, of which most are 50-200 tokens each. Even so, it might make for a good learning resource or for new ideas to try. Give the rules a read, see which are worth to keep and experiment! Experiments The July prompt discussion thread was the source of a few ideas (XML wrapping of rules, recall rules at post-history, examples, other posts including the older prompt discussion thread (writing it as a benchmark), ideas for removing therapy speak and making models less censored . Results A few observations: Wrapping rules in XML comments, then remind the model at post-history to recall all rules and follow them works remarkably well. Gemma 4 31B is a bit selective sometimes (after I had over 4k tokens in rules enabled), but it often recalls all rules and it does make a significant difference in adherence. The current version I have does cost much tokens though (both in the preset and reasoning). No matter if I solely have the rules enabled for it and nothing else, Gemma 4 31B cannot resist writing "[adj], [adj] [noun]". You'll need a finetune like this to make it stop. Negative constructs ("not X but Y", "X, but instead Y", etc) can be prompted out at significant cost of tokens. It NEEDs examples to do it, otherwise it goes for malicious compliance. Writing rules as "Do X over Y" seems to work really well. Writing "avoid" over "forbidden" seems to yield to make Gemma stress less, but it will sometimes not adhere to it. Using "NEVER" (in uppercase) can work, but do this very sparsely. Voyage V3's skill check can be slimmed down to be more effective while costing less tokens, as proven here. The cause-and-effect backstory rules here don't work, it's likely drawn out by the amount of rules to follow. Some rules need tweaking, like "encourage talking" to make them work better and more situational. Writing it as a evaluation (regardless of amount of rules) did NOT improve performance, it simply causes the model to write more flamboyant. Having examples does help! Make sure the examples themselves are in varying settings. At a certain amount of rules, Gemma 4 31B starts treating it as a checklist and stops reasoning about the scene. I think that in the end, around 2000-2500 tokens of core rules would benefit Gemma 4 the most, in a tutorial / checklist style (as done in voyage v3). Writing it in XML style simply costs too many tokens, even if it does increase adherence. Compatibility While written for Gemma 4 31B, it can work with bigger models like DeepSeek v4 flash. Download As always, you can find it here: https://huggingface.co/nohurry/sillytavern Up next Voyage v4 is in the works! Not sure when it will be ready, but I do have plenty of ideas now to work on it. If you have any wishes, suggestions, recommendations, etc for v4, please let me know so I can look into it! As always, thank you! The artwork is "Lake Matsubara, Shinshu" by Hasui Kawase ( link ). submitted by /u/Kahvana to r/SillyTavernAI [link] [comments]